a reserve currency has a monopoly they
have the advantage
there's no way to deny this the US has
their hegemony and they have been
capitalizing on it
every day it seems that another country
has been calling for the world to move
away from the US dollar this has been
happening but it's been a rather slow
process
nevertheless it's still happening you
came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you today
we're going to talk about Venezuela I
want to talk about the US dollar and so
many other topics let's begin looking at
this article out of the RT Nicolas
Maduro proposed oil-producing countries
should discuss creating a currency
basket for trading crude and other
refined products this is not only
important for this particular country
but it is also important for all of
those involved developing a new
mechanism of controlling the oil market
is necessary you know what's happening
with China they've created these
currency swaps they happen with dozens
of other countries this currency war
that has taken place now is expanding
trading paper futures has an adverse
impact on the oil market undermining
attempts by OPEC to stabilize prices
introducing alternative currency baskets
including the yuan ruble and other
currencies will eliminate the impact of
Futures Trading that's when Maduro
saying and they're going to do their
deals with Russia on their debt
restructuring as they call it I think
this is very very significant to see
where this goes if they're actually able
to do this then I believe it's huge
I don't know if all of them are going to
follow suit on this but you can see that
slowly but surely there are countries
that are engaging in using an alternate
rather than the US dollar maybe it's a
small piece of the total pie but it's
still important
it's still significant so let's follow
this as time goes on we'll see what
happens this major Russian mobile phone
operator megaphone or megaphone will
issue the 500 million I believe that is
ruble worth of blockchain bonds in the
first-ever Russian blockchain bond
issuance I think this is significant
here because of the involvement that
Russia has with the blockchain it seems
that they're adopting it it seems that
they're taking this on we'll see where
it goes I just thought it would be worth
mentioning and since it connects in with
the previous article all right now Porto
Rico is facing a government shutdown on
October 31st so yet again we are met
with another crisis this is the debt
ceiling of the US this is simply another
bankruptcy problem
they've already suffered and then they
had the whole hurricane recently this is
going to be a very big problem unless
the debt is wiped out will they wipe out
the debt what's going to happen to all
the bondholders what's going to happen
to everyone involved well we'll see the
US Commonwealth's bankrupt government is
burning through the 1.6 billion dollars
it had on hand before the hurricane
ravaged the island destroying and they
came the infrastructure killing 34
people all right what can they possibly
do here except eat through all of their
reserves their money is just evaporating
it seems and I don't know what they're
going to do about this I mean regardless
of what just happened recently I'm
looking at this you know from a
financial analysis and they have no
chance of survival
the only chance would be of course a
bailout and you know who's got to pay
for that issuance of
your bonds in the bond market in recent
years looking here at China and just
recently they have been increasing their
bond issuance dramatically why my
opinion the amount of debt has been
increasing to such a great degree but
what area is it you know what money GPS
it's just this area it's just that area
actually no you can see that here all
well anyway these four sectors major
contributing factor to this we're
looking at everything corporate
government financial bonds every
everything and it doesn't surprise me
because what's happening in China is no
different than what's happening every
warehouse in the world many people want
to propose that China is the be all and
all nothing ever bad happens in China
here but yet that isn't true it does
that mean that they're not going to grow
into the future absolutely they're
they're going to grow they're going to
have much of their population moving
from the rural areas into the cities if
even 1% of the population does anything
it makes a significant impact the ripple
effect is felt throughout the world I
think it's huge I think it's important
okay all right now no bid contracts I
love them I love them because at least
they're not lying to everybody that
there is actually a bit process but
Equifax now you've heard about Equifax
what just happened recently it was
brought up in the news it became huge
IRS awards multi-million dollar fraud
prevention contract to Equifax out of
all companies and especially right after
the whole issue has come up it's just I
guess I shouldn't be surprised but
that's the way it is the no bed contract
was issued last week as the company
continued facing follow from its massive
security breach so
they give up potentially 145 million
plus American data and what are they
going to do well maybe their socks had
taken a dive just like these other
companies out there you'll see something
happens stock goes down and then you'll
see different analysts say sell sell
sell that brings the stock down further
you'll see certain mutual funds
different types of funds they start
selling their positions in it they start
shrinking their portfolio based on this
and you'll see that in this case they
were just helped out big-time help oh
don't worry you're facing a shortfall
well we'll fill that up for you here's a
nice big no bid contract what are you
most concerned about in credit for the
next 12 months
number one quantitative failure what
happens when QE doesn't do what it's
supposed to do now there's all this QE
money sloshing around in the system and
where will it make its way well I like
to think of it like this
there's QE there's the support being
held up here and it's almost as if the
door is kicked up from under it and the
QE falls down this is a wonderful
elementary picture for you by the way
but I hope you understand what I'm
saying it's that all of this QE is being
supported by by itself by the QE but
basically nothing is there and then it's
kicked up and everything Falls
I don't know what's going to happen and
when it's going to happen
all I know is that we are in for one
major major situation to occur it could
go from from bonds ridiculous size
bubble it could be stocks anything but
once you have one fail all of the
dominoes fall
look how skyscrapers have predicted
recession throughout history I'm not
going to get into the coverage of the
actual article here I just thought it
was interesting I wanted to bring it to
you essentially they went through this
skyscraper index it shows a correlation
between construction of the world's
tallest buildings and an impending
financial crisis so we're looking at
these tall tall buildings that are being
proposed and they're being you know in
development and then what happens after
well of some sort of financial crisis so
I think if you're interested in you
could see that historically how this has
gone throughout time if you just go to a
search engine and type in the skyscraper
index you should get that article there
and then last but not least what's
happening in Spain clearly not good for
stocks you can see that it is taking a
nosedive here recently I've been
covering this as it's been going on and
it doesn't look very good
unless unless we look at it from
catalonia's perspective and then it
could be very good and I don't think it
was going to be just all rosy I don't
think that at all I think there will be
bumps along the road but I do believe in
smaller government and the smaller the
better so this could be good I'm just
interested in the prospect of it all so
that's all for this video if you found
it informative please give me a thumbs
up when you give me a thumbs up it
pushes these videos higher up into
YouTube search rankings so I do
appreciate that very much and last but
not least if you found this video
informative I know you will find my
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse even more in
normative you can flip through these
books at Amazon there are links in the
description below
take care